[Music]
this is the girl he has raised for 10
years
looking at this beautiful face and proud
figure wait until the girl is 17 years
old
we'll marry her let her be her own wife
this day the girl simply sits between
two men
i thought they would take pictures for
themselves but while she was attracted
by the camera
but want to secretly lay hands on the
girl thought they were playing with
themselves
one with a bow facing them on his head
something like this
lau who is used to it at night who like
chong yi-young personally bathe the girl
never changed in ten years i will hold
the girl's hand and fall asleep together
lauhu picked it up when she was six
years old
since then i have left this fishing boat
in my life again
two people increase their fate girl
knows nothing about the outside world
how simple and cute she is but as the
girl grows up
the figure and the beautiful face of
that capital are getting more and more
flavorful
lauhu carefully cultivated for more than
10 years
why are you willing to be taken away by
others although the age is different by
a few decades
but lauhu had already planned at 10
he draws a cross on the calendar every
day happily waiting for that day to come
two fishermen came on the boat as usual
they coveted young and beautiful girls
seeing that there is only one old and
one woman on the boat
so taking advantage of lauhu's
unpreparedness he subdued and tied up
want to take advantage of girls 76 but i
didn't expect that girls are not only
smart and clever
and archery she slightly picked up
lauhu's bow
every front is precisely shot on the
angler's leg
[Music]
many anglers came on the boat this day
one of the handsome aniyama attracted
the girl's eyes
girls are naive and unsuspecting only
full of curiosity about deshawn
she took off to sean's walkman and put
it on her head dashawn was also
attracted by her smile
beautiful innocent girl always aroused
countless encounters of deshaun ren
lao who saw the two talking happily i
couldn't help but give birth to a trace
of jealousy
he tore off the headset from the girl's
head take the girl away
at night lau who bathed the girl as
before
the sound of splashing water caught the
attention of the mountain next door
so he crawled to the window quietly i
just saw the picture of laohu taking a
bath for the girl
at this time the girl also happened to
discover deshaun
but he did not shy away from it and
smiled at the mountain
this made deshawn's heart beat instantly
under doubt
he learned from his father the girl came
by
and the country will get married soon
when to leave
i left my walkman to the girl in the
days after
the girl listens with a random voice
every day looking forward to meeting
deshawn again
the old tuna is very upset when i see
her he broke the walkman to the ground
if it came the girl was cold-eyed for
the first time
the two had a conflict in the bath at
night
the girl keeps turning her head and
sulking i'm not happy to give lau
huckchin when she sleeps
embark on and deliberately do some
intimate actions with anglers
although he is angry he has nothing to
do with the girl
lauhou can only hold the girl back to
the cabin she is innocent and beautiful
the guests who come to fish always care
about her infinitely
and kindly hug the girl on her lap
[Music]
feel free to protect her and girls don't
know their bad eyes
but zetio deeply knows the thoughts of
these people dao hit the two and shot an
arrow
declaring one's own sovereignty the girl
can only belong to him
soon deshawn came on the boat again girl
happy
dashawn took a picture of the girl with
his mobile phone
take a selfie with her again s behavior
made laohu very angry
i took out the arrow and shot it in the
direction of the mountain
the girl became dissatisfied with who i
broke the arrow in front of lauhu
ten late at night the girl took
advantage of lauhu to fall asleep
sneaked into the bed of the mountain
just when they want to do something
he drove the mountain off the boat the
third day the next day
deshawn brought a missing person notice
about a girl
persuade the girl to leave with him
lauhou picked up a freshly sharpened
arrow ay dishon
[Music]
who knows that the girl desperately
stopped in front of him lauhu looked at
the girl with firm eyes
i realized that i really couldn't keep
her lauhu finally
let them go but what the girl didn't
expect was
lauhou has tied a rope on the other end
of the boat
put it on my head lau who who lost a
girl
it's tantamount to losing the world the
boat has been obstructed and has been
stagnant
the girl looked at the rope on the boat
and realized it was strange
she hurriedly cut the rope after all she
was the benefactor who raised her for 10
years
of course the girl can't bear to watch
him die the girl chose to stay on the
boat and married hoo chang
satisfy his wish under the witness of
deshawn
the two held a wedding ceremony after
the wedding
adjusted the boat and carried the girl
to an uninhabited sea
he took off his wedding dress with the
girl sitting on the bow of the boat and
played a little song for the girl
[Music]
couture mouth tune out his bow
looked at the girl so he shot an arrow
into the sky
then turned around and went into the sea
the arrow that shot into the sky fell
between the girl's legs
a bright red blood stained under the
arrow the best story
girl looking at the big ship behind it
sank slowly into the bottom of the sea
like jehu
the whole movie shows laohu's love and
possession of girls
everyone has desires but no doubt jehu's
desire is to make him feel disgusted
old toon desires are disdainful by the
community friends who like wenge
commentary
remember to like it attention thanks